hey so I'm gonna tell you a bit about my
watch my swim tour and that three sport
I've had it for over a year now
originally I was gonna buy a Garmin
Phoenix - then decided against it and
went with the Sun - and I've been very
very happy with it so I have used it for
mostly cycling running and paddle
boarding with the occasional bit of
swimming they're not actually logging
any distance up on this one so as you
can see made in Finland never had
anything from Finland before I chose the
black one because I thought it would be
the best just so much neutral color it
does come in a blue and a white one
thing about this is that it does what
you record an elevation will be
different on Strava I don't know why
that is you'll record lower and it'll be
higher on Strava so this is the charge
it claims on like this I've used it on
the go on the bike when I'm doing the
days when it's gonna go the very life of
the watch which is claimed to the e10
hours I believe got close to that a few
times in its I think it's very accurate
what they state all right belt I use off
pretty often it does have this function
where you can skip it
so saying check out rip out let's go
later GPS is usually very quick to find
only the odd time that it's not instant
another cool thing is that you can
change where these displays are so you
can change it around to see what you
want but then is also see everything
just skip through tower I haven't used
it with him add a parameter
I would like to tear it up because it is
bluetooth at some stage yeah a little
bit more limited I believe in which
families you can choose so I chose this
watch over getting a gun and a cycling
gunman because I like to run as well so
cycling and running is really
good you can wear it on your wrist
obviously but then you can get a watch
mount and you can check it on your
handlebars which i think is really cool
or you can just put on your bars and
tighten the strap down nice and small
looking at its side on it is pretty
thick a lot of big dress watchers look
similar in size it does have this piece
here which lightens it out a little bit
which I like another thing I found with
using a dedicated GPS device like this
is there it's a lot better than the
phone in terms of accuracy when you're
going in places that shady also and out
of the city and places like that this
will follow your line what it whether
that you're running or cycling a lot
better and it won't be all over the show
one thing that I didn't really know and
found out by myself is that when you
move countries the timezone won't update
straightaway so you have to log out on
your phone and log back in in the
country that you're in and then it will
take your timezone so if you're figuring
out or unsure about how to do that log
it on your phone not on the desktop and
it will fix there so as I said at the
start a video super happy with us I'm
very glad they bought us it would be
nice to have one of these and a
dedicated cycling Garmin or something
like that so you can just have it on the
bike nice display but this is going to
do just fine for a long time
would I buy the peak vision so the pink
version has got a much longer battery
life
I would consider it next year there's a
little bit out of this one is 15
though the other one is I believe 18
milks that's a little it's like a little
bit bigger
but yeah I'd certainly consider it just
for those big days on the bike when
you're doing 10 hours plus or whatever
I'm gonna keep using it and keep
enjoying you and yeah thumbs up